hi this is motto in this video I will
show you a game between unknown player
and Robert
see this excel a beautiful game was
played in France in 1923 white started
f4 looks like white wants to play the
bed opening d5 Knight to f3 it is black
to move Knight to f6 is the most popular
movin black played the less popular
Knight to c6
but sometimes less Papa moves work very
well III the standard move Bishop to g4
pinning the knight b3 with the idea to
via cathode the bishop Tobi to e5
threatening e4 pawn takes pawn Knight
takes e5 Bishop to e2 and pinning Bishop
takes Knight Bishop takes Bishop Knight
to f6 Bishop to b2 attacking the knight
on e5 Bishop to d6 defending White
Castle kingside it is the blade move
castling kingside
comes to mind but black wants to attack
black played Knight to e4 cleaning the
path for the Queen to come to h4 Knight
to c3 challenging the night only for an
attacking the pawn on d5 how should
black continue Knight takes Knight that
is the first one that comes to mind in
the game black played Queen to h4 did he
forget about on on d5 it is white move
how should watch continue what would you
do if you had white pieces this is
critical position
white must choose his moves carefully
well these adoptions Bishop takes Knight
g3o
Knight takes pawn on d5 what is your
choice white rejected j-3 because
general Rose says don't push your pawns
in front of the King unless very
necessary however in this situation
g3 would be okay how about Bishop takes
Knight general rule says that Bishop air
is stronger than the knight and a bishop
so whitey ejected these two moves and
vent for the pawn grab it is black
devolver what would you do
please pause the video and try to find
the best move for back ready did you
post the video we were just waiting for
me to show them all
in the game black capture the pawn on h2
between is this a mouse or a cat slip no
this is the start of the King hunt black
calculated five moves the deep well it
is white nope there is no other move but
the King takes a queen Knight takes
Bishop double check King to h3 if King
goes to h1 what happens then
then night to g3 checkmate so we have
King to h3
it is black to move only one
continuation leads to victory for black
and that is night from E to g5 check
King to g4 h5 check King to a5 g 6 check
King 12 6 it is black to move black play
the move and white decide what is the
move
akin to a fate white resigned in view of
night to h7 checkmate there is no
defense against night to h7 checkmate
that was an awesome King hand moderate
would you sacrifice the communit move 11
let's go back to move 11 so this is the
position if you don't like to sacrifice
the Queen there is another way to winner
perhaps you found this other way and
that is Knight to g4 this is also
winning because if for example Bishop
takes Knight to g4 Queen takes on h2
checkmate and there is one very cute
line and that is this one Bishop to e5
blocking and this line has a brilliant
finish it is Queen takes on h2 check
Bishop takes Queen Bishop takes Bishop
check King to h1 and there is checkmate
in one night to g3 check mate awesome
and that is all I hope that you enjoyed
watching this video and I wish you good
luck with your kingdom bye for now